README.md, before:

# ![Introducing Fred](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-1.jpg) Introducing Fred

### A personal Front-End [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) Generator

### More coming soon - this documentation is a work in progress.

This is a generator I made to start responsive website projects. Your project doesn't have to be responsive, though. It uses SASS and has a gruntfile that I think covers pretty much everything I have needed to do.

## ![Fred has many features](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-2.jpg) Features

- Uses SASS for CSS preprocessing
- Installs [Bootstrap](http://www.getbootstrap.com) (optional)
- Installs [jQuery](http://www.jquery.com) (optional)
- Installs [jRespond](https://github.com/ten1seven/jRespond) (optional) for managing your javascript on a responsive site
- Installs [jPanelmenu](http://jpanelmenu.com/) (optional) for an easy way to handle mobile navigation
- Installs [mustache.js](https://github.com/janl/mustache.js) (optional) in case you need some nifty javascript templating

## ![Get started with Fred](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-3.jpg) Getting Started

### Dependencies

- If you're using Yeoman, you probably already have [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) and [Bower](http://bower.io/) installed. But if not, do that.
- The grunt task to build for production uses grunt-imageoptim. For this to work you need to install [Image Optim](https://imageoptim.com/). If not, you can comment that out of the task. But don't forget to optimize your images some other way!!

## ![How to use Fred](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-4.png) Usage

Install - Coming soon (not yet published)

To start a local development server with node: `grunt server`

To build for production: `grunt`

Commit message:

Added respond.js option, added more documentation

README.md, after:

# ![Introducing Fred](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-1.jpg) Introducing Fred

### A personal Front-End [Yeoman](http://yeoman.io) Generator

This is a generator I made to start responsive website projects. Your project doesn't have to be responsive, though. It uses SASS and has a gruntfile that I think covers pretty much everything I have needed to do.

## ![Fred has many features](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-2.jpg) Features

- Uses SASS for CSS preprocessing
- Installs [Bootstrap](http://www.getbootstrap.com) (optional)
- Installs [jQuery](http://www.jquery.com) (optional)
- Installs [jRespond](https://github.com/ten1seven/jRespond) (optional) for managing your javascript on a responsive site
- Installs [jPanelmenu](http://jpanelmenu.com/) (optional) for an easy way to handle mobile navigation
- Installs [mustache.js](https://github.com/janl/mustache.js) (optional) in case you need some nifty javascript templating
- Installs [underscore.js](http://underscorejs.org/) (optional) in case you like some useful programming helpers
- Installs [respond.js](https://github.com/scottjehl/Respond) (optional) in case you give a crap about your site looking good in IE8

- If you have [Image Optim](https://imageoptim.com/) installed, the grunt task will run it for you. If not, just let Fred know that you don't have it when he asks.

## ![Get started with Fred](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-3.jpg) Getting Started

### Dependencies

- If you're using Yeoman, you probably already have [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) and [Bower](http://bower.io/) installed. But if not, do that.

## ![How to use Fred](http://www.jasonrectorweb.com/images/fred-4.png) Usage

Install - Coming soon (not yet published)

To start a local development server with node: `grunt server`

To build for production: `grunt`

Please reference [USAGE](https://github.com/JBRector/generator-fred/blob/master/app/USAGE) for specifics on how to use the starter kit.
